User Stories for my soccer trivia game:

As a user I want to see a landing page so that I know what site Im in
As a user I want to see clear text in bold letters that is easy to read with instructions as to how the trivia card game will work
As a user I want to see two buttons that provide me with a true or false option so that I can click and answer the question
As a user once I submit my answer I want the card to flip so I can see if my answer is correct or not
As a user I want to have a next button that I can click that allows me to move to the next card or a restart button that allows me to answer the question again.
As a user, once I'm done going through all the cards, I want my final score to be displayed and want to have the option to restart the game again.

Pseudocode for Soccer Trivia Game

1. Set Up the Game

Create a list (array) of trivia questions.
Each question has a statement, a correct answer (true/false), and an explanation.
Start the Game

2. set up the game state and initialze the score to 0.
   Set the current question index to the first question.
   Display the first trivia question on the screen.
   Player Answers a Question

3. When the player clicks either "True" or "False":
   Check if the player’s answer matches the correct answer.
   If the answer is correct, increase the score by 1.
   Show feedback (correct or incorrect) along with an explanation.
   Move to the Next Question

4. After the feedback is shown:
   Move to the next question in the list.
   If there are more questions, display the next question.
   If there are no more questions, end the game.
   End the Game

5. When all questions are answered:
   Display a message saying the game is over.
   Show the player's final score.
   Show a congratulatory or failure message/image based on their score.
   Restart the Game (Optional)

6. If the player clicks "Restart":
   Reset the score to 0.
   Set the current question index back to the first question.
   Start the game again from the beginning
